# cubicle
Cubicle is v2 of the remote work tool I made last year, it is for task management and Pomodoro-based work sprints.

Key features:
- Work Sprints: the primary reason I made Cubicle is for the concept of work sprints. Within the app, you can set three tasks you'd like to accomplish in the next 20 minutes and set a 20 minute timer. At the end of these sprints, I typically take a 3 - 5 min break before starting again with a new sprint. 
- Daily tasks: you can now set three tasks for your overall day in Cubicle. I usually pick the three most important things I'd like to get done in a given day, and then plan my work sprints accordingly to help me achieve those daily goals.
- Calendar: you can integrate your Google or Outlook calendar right in Cubicle. If you are using Google Cal, just find your iframe embed link and paste that into the calendar integration input field. For Outlook, go to settings --> calendar --> and copy the HTML embed link into the calendar integration input field. These get saved to local storage, so if you need to update them you will need to clear the key/values out using developer tools.
- Notes: I've added a notepad for any relevant notes you want to jot down throughout the day. Just be sure to save the notepad anytime you add or remove something.
- ChromeGPT: I've integrated an AI assistant that allows you to send and receive messages with OpenAI's GPT language model. I walk through how to get this working in the video, but all you will need is an OpenAI API key. A free personal key will give you about a month worth of free credits. After that, you can set up a paid account through OpenAI and set any dollar limit you want (for example, you can set a hard limit to never charge you more than $5 a month which will cut off API use after that limit is reached). You will definitely want to set a hard limit so that you don't end up with a huge bill. Here is the link to set up an API code if you don't have one yet: https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys.
- Memos: every so often, you will see an incoming memo message scroll across the Cubicle. These memos will be encouraging messages, inspirational quotes, or fictional office tasks or gossip. These have no practical utility and are just there for the meme of it all.
